Dangling indices documentation (#58751)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/indices/dangling-index-delete.asciidoc

[[dangling-index-delete]]
=== Delete dangling index API
++++
<titleabbrev>Delete dangling index</titleabbrev>
++++

Deletes a dangling index.

[[dangling-index-delete-api-request]]
==== {api-request-title}

[source,console]
--------------------------------------------------
DELETE /_dangling/<index-uuid>?accept_data_loss=true
--------------------------------------------------
// TEST[skip:Difficult to set up]

[[dangling-index-delete-api-desc]]
==== {api-description-title}

include::{es-repo-dir}/indices/dangling-indices-list.asciidoc[tag=dangling-index-description]

> This API lets you delete single dangling index from disk. You reference the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This API lets you delete a single dangling index from disk. You reference the
```

or maybe just

```suggestion
This API lets you delete a dangling index. You reference the
```

> This API lets you delete a dangling index. You reference the
> index by its UUID, which you can find using the
> <<dangling-indices-list,list API>>. You can also
> <<dangling-index-import,import>> a dangling index.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Deletes a dangling index by referencing its UUID. Use the
<<dangling-indices-list,List dangling indices API>> to locate the UUID of an index.

```

Reviewer 2: This change isn't necessary, but I think focuses more on the API function.

[[dangling-index-delete-api-path-params]]
==== {api-path-parms-title}

`<index-uuid>`::
(Required, string)
UUID of the index to delete. You can find this using the

> <<dangling-indices-list,dangling indices list API>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<<dangling-indices-list,list dangling indices API>>.
```
